Topic models are frequently used to discover abstract topics in a text corpus. You are an expert evaluator of topic model quality. Given the top documents and the top words of a particular topic, infer what the topic is broadly about.

Top words : building built century house site castle church stone buildings construction tower wall walls south hall north west feet east large 

Some documents related to the topic are:   

Document 0: Charles Payne House = The Charles Payne House is an historic site at 25 Brown Street in Pawtucket , Rhode Island . The house was built in 1855 – 56 by Charles Payne and later expanded with the addition of two ells and a porch . The one-and-a-half story Gothic-Italianate vernacular cottage is architecturally significant as a 19th-century vernacular cottage in a picturesque setting . Though the round-head picket fence and entry gates were later removed , the property retains a large shaded garden on with ample street frontage . The Charles Payne House was added to the National Register

Document 1: First Ward Wardroom = The First Ward Wardroom is a historic meeting hall at 171 Fountain Street in Pawtucket , Rhode Island . It is a single-story red brick building , with a low-pitch gable-over-hipped roof . Basically rectangular , an enclosed entry pavilion projects from the main block . The building , designed by William R. Walker & Son and built in 1886 , is one of only three ward halls ( structures built by the city and used as polling places and meeting halls ) to survive in the state . Since about 1920 it has been the

Document 2: Tabley House = Tabley House is a former stately home in Tabley Inferior ( Nether Tabley ) , some 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) to the east of the town of Knutsford , Cheshire , England . The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building . It was built between 1761 and 1769 for Sir Peter Byrne Leicester , to replace an older hall nearby ( Tabley Old Hall ) , and was designed by John Carr . In the early part of the 19th century three of Carr

Document 3: Joseph Carpenter Silversmith Shop = The Joseph Carpenter Silversmith Shop is a historic building that was built between 1772 and 1774 on the green in Norwichtown , now a section of Norwich , Connecticut . It is a 30 feet ( 9.1 m ) by 24 feet ( 7.3 m ) one-and-a-half story clapboarded building with a gambrel roof . The interior has a single brick chimney that was used for the forge , but it has been modified and adapted for modern use with modern doors , electric lighting and heat , and a disappearing overhead stairway that leads

Document 4: Hylton Castle = Hylton Castle ( / ˈhɪltən / HIL-tən ) is a ruined stone castle in the North Hylton area of Sunderland , Tyne and Wear , England . Originally built from wood by the Hilton ( later Hylton ) family shortly after the Norman Conquest in 1066 , it was later rebuilt in stone in the late 14th to early 15th century . The castle underwent major changes to its interior and exterior in the 18th century and it remained the principal seat of the Hylton family until the death of the last " baron " in 1746

Document 5: Masonic Hall , Taunton = The Masonic Hall in Taunton , Somerset , is designated by Historic England as a Grade II * listed building . It was originally built in the early 19th century as St George 's Chapel , the first Roman Catholic chapel open for public worship in Taunton since the Reformation . The building , which forms the end of a terrace , features a series of prominent Ionic pilasters along the front and southern end . Opened in 1822 , St George 's Chapel served Taunton 's growing Catholic community for over 35 years ,

Document 6: St. Mary 's Church , Chesham = St. Mary 's Church is a Grade 1 listed Anglican church in Chesham , Buckinghamshire , and is part of the Diocese of Oxford . Built on the site of a Bronze Age stone circle of puddingstones , parts of the church building date to the 12th century . Remodelled in the 15th and 17th centuries , the church is architecturally a mixture of English Gothic styles . Weakened by additions to the church tower and undermined by burials in and around the church , by the 19th century the building was structurally

Document 7: The Abbot 's Fish House , Meare = The Abbot 's Fish House in Meare , Somerset , England , was built in the 14th century and has been designated as a Grade I listed building and Scheduled Ancient Monument . It is the only surviving monastic fishery building in England . Fishing was an important source of food for the monks of Glastonbury Abbey . Fishing was carried out in artificial ponds , which were mentioned at Meare in the Domesday Book and from the River Brue and Meare Pool . The present rectangular stone building was constructed by

Document 8: DeKalb County Courthouse ( Illinois ) = The DeKalb County Courthouse is located in the county seat of DeKalb County , Illinois , U.S.A. , the city of Sycamore . The Classical Revival structure sits on a square facing Illinois Route 64 as it passes through the city . The current courthouse was constructed in 1905 amid controversy over where the courthouse and thus , ultimately , the county seat would be located . The current building is the third structure to bear the name " DeKalb County Courthouse . " DeKalb County 's Courthouse still serves as the county

Document 9: Architecture of the medieval cathedrals of England = The medieval cathedrals of England , which date from between approximately 1040 and 1540 , are a group of twenty-six buildings that constitute a major aspect of the country ’ s artistic heritage and are among the most significant material symbols of Christianity . Though diversified in style , they are united by a common function . As cathedrals , each of these buildings serves as central church for an administrative region ( or diocese ) and houses the throne of a bishop ( cathedra , from the Greek ) . Each

Now, infer what the topic is about in a brief phrase. Keep the phrase to less than 5 words, and try to capture the essence of the topic.